Obtaining and Viewing TESS India OER Content
============================================

In order to view and use TESS content on your phone, you need to install some
applications.

Installing the Applications
---------------------------

The applications are in the top folder of the project MicroSD card; insert it
into your phone.

Use your phone's file manager to open the external SD card 

* Open the file manager

> If your phone doesn't have a file manager download [OI File
> Manager](file_manager.apk) and use _Package Installer_ to install it.  Follow
> the instructions below; when you get to the end select OPEN, then ACCEPT the
> licence and then CONTINE. Then use OI File Manager to open the external SD
> card.

* In the file manager go to `/storage/extSdCard`

The applications files are:

* [firefox.apk](firefox.apk)
* [open in browser.apk](open_in_browser.apk)

Install then in turn, by selecting the file.

* A box will appear saying 'Install Blocked'; follow the SETTINGS link to your
  phone settings.

* Under _Unknown Sources_, check the box marked 'Allow installation of
  applications from both trusted and untrusted sources.'

A box will appear with a warning about installing applications from unknown sources. 

* Check the box at the bottom marked 'Allow this installation only'.

* Click OK

The next screen gives details of the permissions that the application needs

* If necessary, select NEXT until you see the option to INSTALL

* Click INSTALL

* For _Firefox_, select DONE and repeat the process above for _Open In Browser_

* for _Open In Browser_, select OPEN and go to the next step. 


Configure Open In Browser
-------------------------

* Open _Open in browser_ and select _Firefox_ as your preferred browser. 

* Press the back button to exit the preferences screen.


Open the TESS India content
---------------------------

* In the file manager go to `/storage/extSdCard`

* Select 'TESSIndia.html'

> If _Firefox_ browser doesn't open immediately, you might
> see a box asking what application to use to open the file.
> 
> * Select _Firefox_ and then ALWAYS.


Add a bookmark to your home screen
-------------------------------------

* Tap and hold the Firefox address bar for about 2 seconds

* select 'Add to Home Screen'

There will now be an icon on your home screen you can click to open the TESS
India OER content.

